## Week4 assignment in Getting and Cleaning Course
## by Mahmood Karimi-7/2/2016
## Code Book for result of analysis of week 4 assignment of Gathering and cleaning data course
The aim of this project is to load, prepare and analyse the data generated by samsung wearable device

activity_name        20
        type of activity recorded
        WALKING, WALKING_DOWNSTARITS, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, LAYING, SITTING, STANDING
subject_id         2
        The preson who has done the activity
        1:30
mean..tBodyAcc.mean...X..          number
        mean of variable calculated
mean..tBodyAcc-mean...Y..    number 
mean..tBodyAcc-mean...Z..    number 
mean..tBodyAcc-std...X..    number 
mean..tBodyAcc-std...Y..     number 
mean..tBodyAcc-std...Z..     number 
mean..tGravityAcc-mean...X..     number 
mean..tGravityAcc-mean...Y..     number 
mean..tGravityAcc-mean...Z..     number 
mean..tGravityAcc-std...X..     number 
mean..tGravityAcc-std...Y..     number 
mean..tGravityAcc-std...Z..     number 
mean..tBodyAccJerk-mean...X..     number 
mean..tBodyAccJerk-mean...Y..     number 
mean..tBodyAccJerk-mean...Z..     number 
mean..tBodyAccJerk-std...X..     number 
mean..tBodyAccJerk-std...Y..     number 
mean..tBodyAccJerk-std...Z..     number 
mean..tBodyGyro-mean...X..     number 
mean..tBodyGyro-mean...Y..     number 
mean..tBodyGyro-mean...Z..     number 
mean..tBodyGyro-std...X..     number 
mean..tBodyGyro-std...Y..     number 
mean..tBodyGyro-std...Z..     number 
mean..tBodyGyroJerk-mean...X..     number 
mean..tBodyGyroJerk-mean...Y..     number 
mean..tBodyGyroJerk-mean...Z..     number 
mean..tBodyGyroJerk-std...X..     number 
mean..tBodyGyroJerk-std...Y..     number 
mean..tBodyGyroJerk-std...Z..     number 
mean..tBodyAccMag-mean()..     number 
mean..tBodyAccMag-std()..     number 
mean..tGravityAccMag-mean()..     number 
mean..tGravityAccMag-std()..     number 
mean..tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()..     number 
mean..tBodyAccJerkMag-std()..     number 
mean..tBodyGyroMag-mean()..     number 
mean..tBodyGyroMag-std()..     number 
mean..tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()..     number 
mean..tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()..     number 
mean..fBodyAcc-mean...X..     number 
mean..fBodyAcc-mean...Y..     number 
mean..fBodyAcc-mean...Z..     number 
mean..fBodyAcc-std...X..     number 
mean..fBodyAcc-std...Y..     number 
mean..fBodyAcc-std...Z..     number 
mean..fBodyAcc-meanFreq...X..     number 
mean..fBodyAcc-meanFreq...Y..     number 
mean..fBodyAcc-meanFreq...Z..     number 
mean..fBodyAccJerk-mean...X..     number 
mean..fBodyAccJerk-mean...Y..     number 
mean..fBodyAccJerk-mean...Z..     number 
mean..fBodyAccJerk-std...X..     number 
mean..fBodyAccJerk-std...Y..     number 
mean..fBodyAccJerk-std...Z..     number 
mean..fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq...X..     number 
mean..fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq...Y..     number 
mean..fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq...Z..     number 
mean..fBodyGyro-mean...X..     number 
mean..fBodyGyro-mean...Y..     number 
mean..fBodyGyro-mean...Z..     number 
mean..fBodyGyro-std...X..     number 
mean..fBodyGyro-std...Y..     number 
mean..fBodyGyro-std...Z..     number 
mean..fBodyGyro-meanFreq...X..     number 
mean..fBodyGyro-meanFreq...Y..     number 
mean..fBodyGyro-meanFreq...Z..     number 
mean..fBodyAccMag-mean..     number 
mean..fBodyAccMag-std..     number 
mean..fBodyAccMag-meanFreq..     number 
mean..fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean..     number 
mean..fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std..     number 
mean..fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq..     number 
mean..fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean..     number 
mean..fBodyBodyGyroMag-std..     number 
mean..fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq..     number 
mean..fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean..     number 
mean..fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std..     number 
mean..fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq	number
        mean of variable calculated



